# Indexing-Websites-
This project aims to help you practice binary search tree ADT and in particular AVL Tree. You will write a program that creates an index of a given list of the top popular websites and their IP addresses. Requirements: In this assignment, you are given a text file that includes the list of the top popular websites and their IP addresses. When you typically request a website from your browser by typing in a URL1, that URL is converted to an IP address2 that is used to retrieve that page from the given URL. In this assignment, you will process this external file with URLs and IP addresses, and then you will create an index of those pages. The attached file includes the list of IP addresses as follows: google.com > 216.58.219.206 youtube.com > 172.217.4.206 facebook.com > 31.13.69.228 baidu.com > 123.125.114.144 yahoo.com > 206.190.36.45 amazon.com > 54.239.17.6 wikipedia.org > 208.80.154.224 qq.com > 61.135.157.156 google.co.in > 216.58.219.195 As you can see here, the first page is the main Google page and the last page is the Google page in Italy (because of the extension “co.in” in the IP address). Your task here is to process this file, and generate an AVL tree that indexes the list of pages and their IP addresses. However, in this file, when you process the page URLs, you need to consider that google.com and google.co.in are both belong to Google. For this, you need to just retrieve the name of the page which is the one until the first dot in the URL. For example, once you insert the 9 entries given above you should have the following AVL tree.
